
> frontend-next@1.0.0 check:offline-field-capture
> node scripts/check-offline-field-capture.mjs

PASS 1. a draft never attached to a server record cannot conflict with one
PASS 1. an unchanged server record is not a conflict
PASS 1. a server record that advanced while offline IS a conflict
PASS 1. an archived server record is a conflict rather than an append target
PASS 1. C. replaying the same identifier resolves to the row it already created
PASS 1. D. USER_B presenting USER_A's identifier resolves to nothing — no cross-user adoption
PASS 1. B. a DIFFERENT identifier resolves to nothing, even with an identical title, site and timestamp
PASS 1. an absent identifier resolves to nothing, so the online path stays non-idempotent and unchanged
PASS 1. rows carrying no identifier are unconstrained and cannot collide with each other
PASS 1. a minted local identity is inside the server's accepted pattern: draft_11111111-2222-4333-8444-555555555555
PASS 1. a minted local identity is inside the server's accepted pattern: obs_aaaaaaaa-bbbb-4ccc-8ddd-eeeeeeeeeeee
PASS 1. a minted local identity is inside the server's accepted pattern: photo_00000000-0000-4000-8000-000000000000
PASS 1. a minted local identity is inside the server's accepted pattern: draft_1a04079818c-9f3a2b1c
PASS 1. the server's pattern rejects an identifier that is too short or carries unexpected characters
PASS 2. the service worker ignores every cross-origin request (the API lives on its own origin)
PASS 2. the service worker never handles an authorised request
PASS 2. the service worker never handles a same-origin /api/ request
PASS 2. the service worker never caches an RSC payload
PASS 2. the service worker never handles a non-GET request
PASS 2. activating a new worker version deletes the superseded shell caches
PASS 2. only an explicit route allowlist may have its document shell cached
PASS 2. a non-allowlisted offline navigation falls back to the static offline document
PASS 2. the offline fallback document references no external asset it could not fetch offline
PASS 2. the offline fallback states what does and does not work without a connection
PASS 2. the offline fallback routes the user to the workflow that does work
PASS 2. no code path writes an authorised response into the cache
PASS 2. the installed application starts at Field Capture
PASS 2. the manifest declares a standalone display mode
PASS 2. the manifest is declared once, via the App Router file convention
PASS 2. the shell worker is registered from the root layout
PASS 2. registration matches the documented Next.js service-worker call
PASS 2. legacy-cache cleanup no longer unregisters the offline shell worker
PASS 2. legacy-cache cleanup no longer deletes the offline shell caches
PASS 2. the offline namespace is a digest, so no raw account identifier becomes an IndexedDB key
PASS 2. with no signed-in account the namespace resolves to null, so no query can be formed
PASS 2. drafts are indexed by the per-account namespace
PASS 2. a listing re-filters on the namespace rather than trusting the index alone
PASS 2. a single-record read re-checks the namespace
PASS 2. a decrypted draft carrying a foreign namespace is discarded, not returned
PASS 2. every asynchronous store entry point resolves an identity before touching storage
PASS 2. the offline store never falls back to localStorage
PASS 2. draft payloads are encrypted under the per-account key before being written
PASS 2. removing an account's offline data destroys its key material with its rows
PASS 2. the offline store never persists a field named like "password"
PASS 2. the offline store never persists a field named like "refreshToken"
PASS 2. the offline store never persists a field named like "authToken"
PASS 2. the offline store never persists a field named like "sentinel_auth_token"
PASS 2. the offline store never persists a field named like "stripe"
PASS 2. the offline store never persists a field named like "cardNumber"
PASS 2. synchronisation issues no PATCH or DELETE against server-held records
PASS 2. synchronisation never transitions a server inspection's status
PASS 2. the server identifier is recorded before anything is appended to it
PASS 2. the inspection create sends the draft's stable identity
PASS 2. each observation create sends that observation's stable identity
PASS 2. each evidence upload sends that photo's stable identity
PASS 2. every local record seeds its server identity from its local id at creation
PASS 2. the local schema version records that the identity contract replaced the attempt marker
PASS 4. the title + site + timestamp adoption heuristic is no longer present in the sync path
PASS 4. the client-side attempt marker it depended on is gone too
PASS 4. no candidate-matching or ambiguity resolution survives in the sync path
PASS 4. detaching a conflicted draft re-mints the inspection identity
PASS 4. detaching re-mints every observation identity and clears its acknowledgement
PASS 4. detaching re-mints every photo identity and clears its acknowledgement
PASS 5. the migration adds a NULLABLE identity column, so existing rows are untouched
PASS 5. uq_inspection_client_request makes the DATABASE the authority, scoped to the creating user
PASS 5. uq_observation_client_request makes the DATABASE the authority, scoped to the creating user
PASS 5. uq_storage_object_client_request makes the DATABASE the authority, scoped to the creating user
PASS 5. every uniqueness index is PARTIAL, so rows without an identifier stay unconstrained
PASS 5. the migration's up() performs no destructive operation
PASS 5. inspection resolution is keyed on the CREATING USER, so one member cannot adopt another's
PASS 5. observation resolution is keyed on the inspection AND the creating user
PASS 5. evidence resolution is keyed on the creating user
PASS 5. a concurrent replay losing the unique index is re-read and returned, not surfaced as an error
PASS 5. the unique-violation test checks both the wrapper and the nested driver error
PASS 5. the identifier is bounded and character-restricted, so it can never carry interpretable structure
PASS 5. the identifier is OPTIONAL on both creates — the online path stays backward compatible
PASS 5. the multipart evidence route accepts the identifier as a form field
PASS 5. only a READY stored object satisfies a replay; a half-written one is re-driven, not reported as stored
PASS 5. finalisation updates by id, so a record re-read without its select:false objectKey cannot be damaged
PASS 2. an already-acknowledged observation is skipped on retry rather than re-posted
PASS 2. SYNCED is claimed only when every part was acknowledged by the server
PASS 2. a staleness check runs before any append and can stop it
PASS 2. synchronisation never runs HazLenz analysis
PASS 2. the API client declares a no-retry policy for non-idempotent creates
PASS 2. createPersistedSite() does not auto-retry (a lost response would otherwise duplicate the record)
PASS 2. createPersistedInspection() does not auto-retry (a lost response would otherwise duplicate the record)
PASS 2. addPersistedObservation() does not auto-retry (a lost response would otherwise duplicate the record)
PASS 2. uploadInspectionEvidence() does not auto-retry
PASS 2. new local work on a synced draft returns it to LOCAL_ONLY instead of still claiming SYNCED
PASS 2. the UI distinguishes device-saved from server-saved in its own words
PASS 2. the capture page states the online boundary for HazLenz and reports
PASS 2. the sync control names connectivity as the requirement when offline
PASS 2. the offline badge does not claim automatic background synchronisation
PASS 2. the removed false offline claim has not returned
PASS 2. sign-out clears the legacy device-global offline key insite_offline_inspections_v1
PASS 2. sign-out clears the legacy device-global offline key insite_offline_report_drafts_v1
PASS 2. sign-out clears the legacy device-global offline key insite_offline_inspection_sync_queue_v1
PASS 2. sign-out clears the legacy device-global offline key insite_active_local_inspection_id

{"passed":true,"passes":98,"failures":0}
