# §265 — FRONTEND TIER (3F). Run from frontend-next/.

$ npm run test:expert-presentation

---- K. the frontend never exposes a settled decision while awaiting ----

ok  An awaiting analysis renders its own view, not the ordinary available one.
ok  K: an awaiting analysis may NOT be presented as settled.
ok  K: an awaiting analysis reports that no human has settled it.
ok  K: the awaiting headline does not call the conclusion approved, final or cleared.
ok  K: the awaiting statement does not call the conclusion approved, final or cleared.
ok  The proposed posture is still SHOWN while awaiting -- withholding the analysis would be the opposite failure from overstating it.
ok  The hazards and the unresolved fact are both available to render while awaiting.
ok  The confirm / change controls are offered when the server says the subject is resolvable.
ok  `mayPresentAsSettled` is a COPY of the server's settledForUse, not a local inference from the state name.
ok  An AVAILABLE state whose derivation says unsettled is NOT presentable as settled.
ok  A response carrying no effective decision fails closed rather than defaulting to settled.

---- awaiting-confirmation card ----

ok  The confirmation subject is shown as the unresolved fact it points at.
ok  The internal refKind:ref pair is never shown to the reviewer.
ok  An unresolvable reference says so rather than printing an internal identifier.
ok  A subject the server could not establish withdraws the confirm control rather than offering a decision on an unknown question.
ok  An unresolvable subject still leaves the conclusion unsettled.

---- confirmed and overridden ----

ok  A confirmed analysis is settled and renders as confirmed.
ok  A confirmed analysis records that a human settled it.
ok  A confirmation that changed nothing produces no reviewer-change entries.
ok  An overridden analysis is settled and renders as overridden.
ok  An override produces exactly one reviewer-change entry for the one changed subject.
ok  The change entry states BOTH what HazLenz proposed and what the reviewer decided, so the human value is never attributed to HazLenz.
ok  The change entry names the subject in the reviewer's language.

---- refusal, unresolved and failure ----

ok  A refused analysis is not settled.
ok  NO part of a refused output is rendered as a result -- not one hazard, not one control, not a posture -- even though the snapshot still carries them.
ok  A refusal is never turned into 'no hazards found'.
ok  An unresolved analysis is not settled.
ok  No posture is presented for an unresolved analysis.
ok  The PRESERVED unresolved fact IS shown -- that is what RR-7 preserved it for.
ok  The count of declarations the engine refused to use is surfaced rather than hidden.
ok  An unresolved result is never described as an absence of hazards.
ok  An absent analysis is not settled.
ok  An absent analysis is never described as an absence of hazards.
ok  A null response renders the absent view rather than throwing.
ok  A provider failure renders the FAILED view, NOT the absent one -- a system failure and 'nothing has been run' are different facts.
ok  A failed analysis is not settled.
ok  A failure is never turned into an absence of hazards.
ok  A failed analysis renders no content.
ok  No provider or transport internals reach the failure's customer-facing strings.
ok  The execution response and the read response produce the SAME presentation for one state.
ok  A running analysis is not settled.
ok  A running analysis renders NO partial result -- there is nothing yet to show.
ok  An unrecognised server state renders as unrecognised, never as an available analysis.
ok  An unrecognised state renders no content.

---- internal implementation noise stays internal ----

ok  No internal contract vocabulary reaches the awaiting view's customer-facing strings.
ok  No internal contract vocabulary reaches the confirmed view's customer-facing strings.
ok  No internal contract vocabulary reaches the overridden view's customer-facing strings.
ok  No internal contract vocabulary reaches the refused view's customer-facing strings.
ok  No internal contract vocabulary reaches the unresolved view's customer-facing strings.
ok  No internal contract vocabulary reaches the running view's customer-facing strings.
ok  No internal contract vocabulary reaches the absent view's customer-facing strings.
ok  No internal contract vocabulary reaches the unrecognised view's customer-facing strings.
ok  A hazard family is formatted rather than looked up in a client-held copy of the taxonomy.
ok  An empty hazard family falls back to a neutral word rather than rendering blank.
ok  An unreadable posture says so rather than being guessed at.
ok  An unknown classification is passed through rather than relabelled into a meaning it may not have.

---- history keeps the two trust boundaries apart ----

ok  A server-authored analysis and a client-supplied one are described differently.
ok  A settled analysis is marked as settled by a person in the history.
ok  A legacy client-supplied row is not rewritten into the new authority model.

ALL CHECKS PASSED

$ npm run check:expert-authority-boundary
ok    no Expert frontend file derives server authority locally
ok    `mayPresentAsSettled` is a direct copy of the server's `settledForUse`
ok    `humanSettled` is a direct copy of the server's field
ok    VIEW_FOR_STATE covers all 8 server states
ok    expertApi.ts sends only the accepted §262/§264 request fields
ok    no Expert frontend file routes an Expert result through the legacy snapshot path
ok    no Expert component labels a conclusion approved, final, cleared or safe to proceed
ok    the panel qualifies an unsettled posture rather than presenting it bare

EXPERT FRONTEND AUTHORITY BOUNDARY: PASS

$ npx tsc --noEmit -p tsconfig.json
(no output: PASS)

$ npx eslint lib/expert components/inspection/expert
(no output: clean)
