
> safety-insite-backend@1.0.0 test:302-promotional-grant
> ts-node scripts/test-302-promotional-grant.ts


---- 1. what a promotional grant is ----

      {"userId":"11111111-1111-4111-8111-111111111111","source":"pilot","tier":"pro","status":"active","startsAt":"2026-09-15T12:00:00.000Z","endsAt":"2026-09-22T12:00:00.000Z","issuedByUserId":null,"reason":"Promotional pilot access granted at registration by server-c…"}
ok    It is created active.
ok    It confers pro, the minimum tier that makes the promotion meaningful.
ok    Its source is `pilot`, one of the values the admin grant route already permits.
ok    It is BOUNDED: 7 days by default.
ok    issuedByUserId is NULL. No person issued it — the server did, on a configured allowlist — and naming the recipient would attribute the grant to the account it entitles.
ok    The reason carries provenance: mechanism, bounds and that it is revocable.

---- 2. the duration is the server's, and its ceiling is real ----

ok    Unset configuration yields the conservative default of 7 days.
ok    A configured value inside the ceiling is honoured.
ok    A configured value above the ceiling is CLAMPED to 30 days and says so, so a misconfiguration cannot silently become a year-long promotion.
ok    The ceiling is 30 days, which §302 forbids exceeding without a product-owner decision.
ok    "0" falls back to the default rather than producing an already-expired or infinite grant.
ok    "-5" falls back to the default rather than producing an already-expired or infinite grant.
ok    "forever" falls back to the default rather than producing an already-expired or infinite grant.
ok    "" falls back to the default rather than producing an already-expired or infinite grant.

---- 3. the ten §302 security gates ----

ok    GATE 1  auth.service.ts never reads dto.planCode; a requested plan is not authority.
ok    GATE 1  auth.service.ts never reads dto.selectedPlan; a requested plan is not authority.
ok    GATE 1  auth.service.ts never reads dto.subscriptionStatus; a requested plan is not authority.
ok    GATE 1  auth.service.ts never reads dto.tier; a requested plan is not authority.
ok    GATE 1  the account tier at registration is unconditionally free — the promo branch that made it pro is gone, so there is no expression left that could promote an account row.
ok    GATES 2-4  buildPromotionalGrant is called with ONLY the new account id. Nothing from the request reaches it, so a caller cannot choose the duration, the source or the account.
ok    GATES 2-4  the promotional-grant module reads no dto field at all.
ok    GATES 2-4  and has no request-shaped input of any kind.
ok    GATE 2  the duration comes from SERVER ENVIRONMENT, which a caller cannot write to.
ok    GATES 3-4  source and tier are module constants, not parameters.
ok    GATE 4  the grant is scoped to the account the server just created, never to one a caller named.
ok    GATE 5  the promo applies only at REGISTRATION, and a repeat registration on the same email is refused before anything is created — so the mechanism cannot be re-presented to extend an existing entitlement. There is no other code path that creates a promotional grant.
ok    GATE 5  buildPromotionalGrant is INVOKED from exactly one place (saw 1), so there is no second route to a second grant. Counted as invocations rather than mentions, because the import is a mention and is not a route.
ok    GATE 5  and auth.service.ts writes an entitlement_grants row from exactly one place.
ok    GATES 6-7  the resolver selects grants by status active AND endsAt in the future, so an expired or revoked grant is not found at all.
ok    GATE 8  a session whose tier CAME FROM A GRANT does not answer from the JWT claim; it falls through to the live grant lookup, so revocation takes effect immediately rather than when the token expires.
ok    GATE 8  and the basis is minted by the server into the session, not supplied by the client.
ok    GATE 9  the grant lookup is keyed by the authenticated user id, so one account's grant cannot authorize another.
ok    GATE 10  the promo code is never written into the grant.
ok    GATE 10  nor is the allowlist named in anything the grant carries.
ok    GATE 10  and the registration response does not echo the code back to the client.

---- 4. billing state and effective entitlement are different things ----

ok    The account row no longer claims an active subscription because a promotion exists.
ok    It records `none`, which is true: nothing was purchased.
ok    The temporary capability is reported SEPARATELY and explicitly, so no reader has to infer one from the other.
ok    And it names its own basis, so a consumer can tell a promotion from a purchase.
ok    While the grant is active the effective entitlement includes fullSafeScope.
ok    And the account's own billing plan, free, does not.

---- 5. the §301 properties still hold ----

ok    The dead `|| (tier === free ? none : active)` alternative §301 removed is still absent, so no caller-influenced tier claim can imply an active subscription.
ok    resolveSessionContext still passes the status it has — the BI-4 repair is intact.
ok    The promo authorization is still a server-configured allowlist check.
ok    And a non-matching code is still refused before any write.

45 checks passed, 0 failed
